docs(docs): improve Docker daemon troubleshooting for all platforms (#24907)
coder/coder: docs/install/docker.md

## Troubleshooting

### Cannot connect to the Docker daemon

If you see an error like:

```text
Error: Error pinging Docker server: Cannot connect to the Docker daemon at unix:///var/run/docker.sock. Is the docker daemon running?
```

Docker is not installed or not running on the host. Install Docker and start the

> daemon before creating a workspace from a Docker-based template. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daemon before creating a workspace from a Docker-based template. Refer to the
```

Personal style nit, if we ever have users of our docs who rely on screen readers, the word "see" could come off as abrasive.

Author: Good call, fixed in 85f1ce1.
